✨(helm) add the django base Helm chart (#2)
openfun/charts: charts/base-django/README.md

# Django Helm Chart 

> This chart's aims is to deploy a django app using Helm. This chart follows the structure of the Django apps developped by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chart's aim is to deploy a Django app using Helm. This chart follows the structure of the Django apps developed by 
```

France Université Numérique. Is is intended to be used as a subchart for Django app Deployments. 

This chart allows the user to either create a Postgresql database or connect to an external database (it depends on the variable `postgreqsl.enabled`)

To deploy your own Django app, create your own Helm chart, add this one as a subchart and overwrite its parameters as needed. To do this you have to add a section in your own values file as follows:

```
django:
  image:
    repository: fundocker/<app_image>
    pullPolicy: IfNotPresent
    tag: <image_tag>
  appDjangoSettingsModule: <settings_module>
  appDjangoConfiguration: <app_configuration>

```
Since we have not yet created our own helm chart repository, in order to use this chart as a subchart, you need to:

> 1) Build this helm chart dependencies: ` helm dependency build `

Reviewer: Maybe we should ask users to go to the target chart directory first, _e.g._ `cd charts/base-django`?
